release notes for 1.26.3 (#16704)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.26.x/announcing-1.26.3/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.26.3
linktitle: 1.26.3
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.26.3 patch release.
publishdate: 2020-07-29
release: 1.26.3
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.26.3
---

This release contains bug fixes to improve robustness. This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.26.2 and 1.26.3.

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

- **Fixed** ambient index to filter configs by revision.
  ([Issue #56477](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/56477))

- **Fixed** ignoring the `topology.istio.io/network` label on the system namespace when `discoverySelectors` are in use.
  ([Issue #56687](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/56687))

> - **Fixed** CNI incorrectly handled pod deletion when the pod was not yet marked as enrolled in the mesh. In some cases, this could cause a pod which has been deleted to be included in the ZDS snapshot and never cleaned up. If this occurs ztunnel will not be able to become ready.  ([Issue #56738](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/56738))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where the CNI plugin incorrectly handled pod deletion when the pod was not yet marked as enrolled in the mesh. In some cases, this could cause a pod, which had been deleted, to be included in the ZDS snapshot and never cleaned up. If this occured ztunnel would not be able to become ready.  ([Issue #56738](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/56738))
```

> - **Fixed** an issue where access log not being updated when referenced service created later than the Telemetry resource.  ([Issue #56825](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/56825))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where access logs were not updated when the referenced service was created later than the Telemetry resource.  ([Issue #56825](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/56825))
```

> - **Fixed** issues that `ClusterTrustBundle` was not working when `ENABLE_CLUSTER_TRUST_BUNDLE_API` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where `ClusterTrustBundle` was not configured properly when `ENABLE_CLUSTER_TRUST_BUNDLE_API` was enabled.
```

> - **Fixed** issue where Istio access logs are never sent to OTLP endpoint.  ([Issue 56825](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/56825))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where Istio access logs were never sent to the OTLP endpoint.  ([Issue 56825](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/56825))
```

> - **Fixed** issue with `istiod` causing high CPU usage.  ([PR 56798](https://github.com/istio/istio/pull/56798))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where high CPU usage could occur if an item was actively being worked on by a different worker until that worker was done with that item.
```

> 
> - **Added** test flag which allows the use of the `AllowCRDsMismatch` parameter defined in the Gateway API Conformance suite. ([PR #56945](https://github.com/istio/istio/pull/56945))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Only user-facing changes. We also do not link PRs.

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.26.3
linktitle: 1.26.3
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.26.3 patch release.
publishdate: 2020-07-29
release: 1.26.3
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.26.3
---

> {{< warning >}}
> This is an automatically generated rough draft of the release notes and has not yet been reviewed.
> {{< /warning >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
